UW Medicine - Supplemental Questions

8. Explain everything that happens after you type: "http://uw.edu" into the web browser. Be as detailed as possible. 

9. Write a Javascript code to record and playback everything that happens in the HTML textarea. The goal is to be able to replay what the user is typing into the textarea as a movie. 

Provide the answer as a https://jsfiddle.net/ link. The only Javascript library you can include is JQuery.

10. Some positive integers n have the property that the sum [ n + reverse(n) ] consists entirely of odd (decimal) digits. For instance, 36 + 63 = 99 and 409 + 904 = 1313. We will call such numbers reversible; so 36, 63, 409, and 904 are reversible. Leading zeroes are not allowed in either n or reverse(n).

Write code in Python to find all the reversible numbers between 1001 and 10001 (inclusive).

11. How many SQL tables do you need to most efficiently (space and query speed) store the following data:
Doctor (first name, last name, practice address)
Patient (first name, last name, gender, age)
Each doctor has multiple patients that they are taking care of. 
Patients can have multiple doctors taking care of them.

Write the SQL statements to create the tables and describe what would be stored in each table. 

12. In the above schema that you created, write the SQL query to find all the patients where their last name starts with "s" and has an age greater or equal to 18 and less than or equal to 99 who are being taken care of by doctors with the name of "Rob Johnston"? 

13. If you had to do the above query very often, how could you speed it up for simplicity and query speed?

14. What is the difference between MySQL, MariaDB, PostgreSQL and Redshift? Describe the pros and cons of each.

15. Explain why AWS secret keys should be kept securely and what AWS technology should be used whenever possible to control access to AWS resources.

16. Write a one-line Linux command to find all the png files that start with "image-" recurively in the current directory and calculate their md5sums in the shortest amount of time on a multi-core Linux server. 

17. Please provide github/bitbucket/etc links to three of your best projects recently. 
